# Project 3: React Contact List
## Due Date: Tuesday, January 22, 2019 11:59 PM
## Objectives: To build a contact list application using React
## Specifications/Requirements
We have provided you the skeleton application generated by executing `create-react-app` inside of your project3 directory. You will need to create an `index.html` file that will define the entry point of your React application in the dom.
All of your css files and components will need to be added inside of your `src` directory. To successfully implement this project you will need to define 2 separate componenets in separate files: the Contact component inside of `contact.js` and the ContactList componenet inside of `contactList.js`. Additionally you will need to define the `index.js` file that will have the call to `ReactDOM.render` and render the ContactList component.
The ContactList component will define a form that will have 3 inputs: fullName, email and phoneNumber. Once you click the submit button the information for the most recently submitted entry should be added in a list that appears below the form. As you hover over the current contact list the background of the contact you are currently hovering over should change color (hint: css hover effect). Once you click on any entry appearing in the current contact list it should deleted from the current contact list.
Feel free to style your form and contact list as you like but make sure you have a separate css file for each file that contains elements that need styling (e.g. `index.css` should contain all the css rules for styling anything required in `index.js`).
